[SYCL][DOC] Initial Draft of Extension for querying free device memory on Level Zero (#3468)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/LevelZeroBackend/LevelZeroBackend.md

Practically speaking, and taking into account that SYCL runtime takes ownership of the Level-Zero handles,
the application should not attempt further direct use of those handles.

## 5 Level-Zero additional functionality

### 5.1 Free Memory query

> Level Zero contains a library for system resource management called Sysman.  
> Sysman allows programmers to query the amount of free, or unallocated, 
> memory in a device.  This extension provides a new device information
> descriptor specific to Level-Zero Backends that allows DPC++ programs to query
> the amount of free memory for a given device. The new descriptor is as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Level Zero backend provides the following device information descriptors 
that an application can use to query information about a Level Zero device.
Applications use these queries via the `device::get_backend_info<>()` member 
function as shown in the example below (which illustrates the `free_memory`
query):
```

Let's word the introduction to this section in a general way that lets us document more info descriptors in the future.  I don't think it's necessary to document the fact that some of these descriptors come from the Sysman library.  A DPC++ user doesn't need to know that.

You can follow that introduction with an example like you have below:

``` C++
sycl::queue Queue;
auto Device = Queue.get_device();
size_t freeMemory = Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero::info::device::free_memory>();
```

(Sorry, GitHub wouldn't let me add a code sample to my "suggestion".)

``` C++
namespace sycl{
namespace ext {
namespace oneapi{
namespace level_zero {
namespace info {
namespace device {

struct free_memory {
    using return_type = size_t;
};

} // namespace device;
} // namespace info
} // namespace level_zero
} // namespace oneapi
} // namespace ext
} // namespace sycl
```

> The new struct ```free_memory``` is used in conjuction with the ```get_backend_info()``` method of the ```device``` class in SYCL 2020.  The query will return the number of bytes of free memory for that device.

Reviewer: Suggest using a table here to describe each info descriptor because that will be easy to extend as we add more.  The description for each query can be shorter since we talk about their general usage in the introduction above.  For this one, I think the description can just be:

> Returns the number of bytes of free memory for the device.

``` C++
sycl::queue Queue;
auto Device = Queue.get_device();

> uint64_t freeMemory = Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::info::device::free_memory>();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
uint64_t freeMemory = Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero::info::device::free_memory>();

```

Author: @gmlueck Do you think we need the extra level_zero here?

Reviewer: Yes, I think we need it.  Why do you say it is "extra"?  It's the only occurrence of "level_zero" in that statement.

Author: extra in the sense of "in addition to oneapi::"

Reviewer: Let's take this as an opportunity to define the namespace for the Level Zero backend.  The namspace naming convention for a SYCL extension is `sycl::ext::<vendorstring>`.  We've decided that we have two `<vendorstrings>`: `oneapi` and `intel`, depending on whether the extension is tightly tied to Intel hardware vs. a general extension that we'd like promote into the SYCL spec someday.

At present the Level Zero backend is our own extension because we haven't attempted to add this backend to the SYCL spec in the same way as the OpenCL backend.  Therefore, I think it needs to follow the extension naming guidelines.  (Note, I'm just talking about the Level Zero **backend** to SYCL here, not Level Zero itself.)

Putting this together, we arrive at a namespace of `sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero`.

However, I admit that is a mouthful.  If we wanted to make it shorter, one option would be to add another `<vendorstring>` and say that `level_zero` is itself a `<vendorstring>`.  This would shorten the namespace to `sycl::ext::level_zero`.

Now let's consider the naming guidelines for new enumerated constants or new member functions that an extension adds.  The guideline says that these should start with a prefix `ext_<vendorstring>`.  There's no particular guideline for including the name of the backend, but it seems wise to somehow include the name "level_zero" if the API is tied to Level Zero.  We can imagine that Level Zero might want to add some new aspects at some point, and of course Level Zero will have an enumerated constant in the `sycl::backend` enum.  Here's a comparison of how those would look using each of the two `<vendorstrings>` above:

```
// Vendor string is "oneapi"

namespace sycl {

enum class aspect {
  // ...
  ext_oneapi_level_zero_fancy
};

enum class backend {
  // ...
  ext_oneapi_level_zero
}:

} // namespace sycl
```

```
// Vendor string is "level_zero"

namespace sycl {

enum class aspect {
  // ...
  ext_level_zero_fancy
};

enum class backend {
  // ...
  ext_level_zero
}:

} // namespace sycl
```

Reviewer: We still need to resolve this naming convention.

> uint64_t freeMemory = Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::info::device::free_memory>();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size_t freeMemory = Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero::info::device::free_memory>();
```

Just FYI, these are a couple typos I fixed when moving your example up above to the introduction.

Practically speaking, and taking into account that SYCL runtime takes ownership of the Level-Zero handles,
the application should not attempt further direct use of those handles.

## 5 Level-Zero additional functionality

### 5.1 Device Information Descriptors
The Level Zero backend provides the following device information descriptors
that an application can use to query information about a Level Zero device.
Applications use these queries via the `device::get_backend_info<>()` member
function as shown in the example below (which illustrates the `free_memory`
query):

``` C++
sycl::queue Queue;
auto Device = Queue.get_device();

size_t freeMemory =
  Device.get_backend_info<sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero::info::device::free_memory>();
```

> New descriptors added as part of this specification are found in the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New descriptors added as part of this specification are described in the table below and in the subsequent synopsis.
```

| Descriptor | Description |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| `sycl::ext::oneapi::level_zero::info::device::free_memory` | Returns the number of bytes of free memory for the device. |

> #### 5.1.1 Free Memory Query Details

Reviewer: And then delete this heading.

Now we can easily add new descriptors in the future by adding a row to the table and a declaration to the synopsis.
